Add SYCL Sort KT documentation to library guide (#2650)
uxlfoundation/oneDPL: documentation/library_guide/kernel_templates/kernel_configuration.rst

|                                                      |                     | a work-group.                          |
+------------------------------------------------------+---------------------+----------------------------------------+

The meaning of ``data_per_workitem`` and ``workgroup_size`` differs significantly between

> :doc:`ESIMD-based <esimd_main>` and :doc:`SYCL-based <sycl_main>` kernel templates due to their underlying execution models:

Reviewer: Well, it's all due to the difference in the meaning of a "work-item", or, better to say, the mapping of a SYCL work-item to the hardware. The semantical meaning of the kernel parameters is really the same.

From the documentation standpoint, would not it be better to move the detailed descriptions to the corresponding pages, and keep here only a general note that the interpretation of a work-item, and correspondingly the kernel parameters, might differ depending on HW, SYCL implementation, etc.?

Author: I was not entirely sure where to put these discussions. I moved them to their respective sections and left a general note here that the interpretations may differ depending on the hardware and kernel template API.

**ESIMD (Explicit SIMD) Kernel Templates:**

- ``data_per_workitem``: The number of data elements processed by a single **hardware thread**
  (work-item in ESIMD terminology), which issues explicit vector operations. The hardware thread
  processes these elements using SIMD instructions with an implementation-defined vector length.

- ``workgroup_size``: The number of **hardware threads** in a work-group. Each hardware thread
  executes scalar and SIMD operations independently.

**SYCL Kernel Templates:**

- ``data_per_workitem``: The number of data elements processed by a single **SIMD lane**
  (work-item in SYCL terminology) within a hardware thread. Operations performed by each work-item are

>   implicitly vectorized by the compiler.

Reviewer: I think that mentioning a SIMD lane and compiler vectorization is too narrow here; at least it does not match well to SIMT hardware.

Author: I generalized the section for the SYCL kernel parameters. I did mention that the oneAPI compiler maps a work-item to a SIMD lane on SIMD architectures and a thread on SIMT architectures. Discussion of compiler vectorization is removed.

- ``workgroup_size``: The number of **SIMD lanes** (work-items) in a work-group. Work-items corresponding

>   to the same hardware thread are grouped into a sub-group which executes in lockstep.

Reviewer: I do not think that SYCL guarantees lockstep execution within a subgroup.

```suggestion
- ``workgroup_size``: The number of **SIMD lanes** (work-items) in a work-group. Work-items corresponding
  to the same hardware thread are grouped into a sub-group.
```
